and here we go again
the great game of optical illusions is
about to begin
strap in your seatbelt and hold on to
something we're rolling
ah look at these flowers pretty aren't
they especially against such a bleak
gray background
anyway pay special attention to their
centerpieces
do they seem different in size to you if
so
then look again they're absolutely
similar it's all because of the
surrounding petals
the bigger ones make the center look
smaller and vice versa
even a close-up doesn't help but you can
remove the petals in your mind's eye
and see for yourself
moving on to the next one look at the
walls here are they flat or not
i bet you're seeing them as a bit wavy
as if there are pits and bumps in them
this effect is reached thanks to the
combination of the opposite colors
the gradients inside the squares and the
little squares inside the bigger ones
the drastic change of color messes with
our perception
making the squares look like cubes or
other 3d shapes
while all there is are just perfectly
flat surfaces
let's give your eyes a little rest and
take a look at the beautiful scenery
oh whatever we're going into the inferno
anyway
prepare for the next room and keep your
eyes peeled out
you're gonna need them remember that i
told you the wall seemed
wavy in the previous room forget it
that's what i call
waving even if you keep your eyes glued
to a single spot
the pattern seems to be moving and if
you dare to shift
your gaze try not to go dizzy both the
squares and the dots have the opposite
colors
so your brain can't process the
information fast enough
now if you look forward please in this
tunnel you'll see several colors
intertwined and going in a mind-boggling
spiral
how many colors are there i can tell you
there's purple orange and green
that's it three if you're seeing blue or
pink
your eyes are deceiving you those two
extra colors might appear
again because of the clash of colors the
tunnel is painted in
if you look at something green for a few
seconds and then shift your gaze to a
white surface
you'll see purple and vice versa and
when they move quickly
they can trick your brain into believing
there's something else
now this is a perfectionist little
torture chamber
or well not so little anyway look
closely at the patterns on the walls
just look at them a couple more seconds
if they seem to be not parallel to each
other then you're not looking well
enough
just mentally remove the short crossing
lines on the pattern
and you'll see the remaining lines will
never cross each other
this effect is due to those short lines
you've just removed in your mind
well you probably guessed it already
anyway
but this time i'll show you another
illusion
there's only one object worth looking at
and once you've seen it in its entirety
you won't be able to unsee it it looks
like a simple pillar in the middle of
the room right
now look at its sides and tell me if you
see anything
odd about them two faces on the left and
right
looking at each other from whatever
angle you look
yeah those ones and now try to remove
this image from your mind and eyes
nope neither can i well moving on
nothing else to see here
okay this one you've seen already so you
might guess what it's about
there are three colors here white purple
and green
with one other peeking at you from just
outside your field of vision
share with me in the comments which one
you see for me it's pink again
or is it blue nah definitely paint
there it is can't you see it just there
ah come on all right now you need to
look
right in front of you at the gray frame
around the rail specifically
are the left and right parts of it of
the same shade or of different ones
well when the sand column crashes down
you see
there are two parts of one frame tricked
you huh by the way the gray squares on
the white and black walls on the sides
are also of the same exact shade if you
were wondering
going to the next room through this
weird corridor and
the dominating object here is the
colorful wall on the left
i'll move along it left and right for
you to guess what's wrong with it
or with your eyes for that matter since
it's an optical illusion
you might have already noticed that
whatever direction you go
the picture on the wall seems to be
moving with you
remember those creepy paintings that
have their eyes glued to you wherever
you stand
this is the same effect achieved thanks
to the clever
use of perspective the pillars getting
shorter to the sides help
and the contrasting black and white
stripes make the picture look
three-dimensional
where it's not at the same time the
patterns can also seem both pyramids and
pits
depending on where you look from so
don't break your eyes please
this illusion is not about seeing some
other non-existent colors for once
but you still have to look for one color
green
see the stripes depending on what other
color is next to the green ones
they seem to be of either lighter or
darker shade
on the walls the white color is
dominating the scene
so the green stripes look bright and
vibrant but in the front
where there's no white the green is much
darker or
so it seems in reality it's all the same
time for a little break again
now look in front of you again don't pay
attention to the walls
although they're beautiful granted see
the arch
the two parts of it seem too out of
place and they clearly won't connect if
you remove the sand column
or will they in fact this is of course
one arch and removal of the column will
only make you see it with your own eyes
and again green is playing tricks with
your eyes
it's the same picture with a different
pattern in fact
the green stripes on the left and right
of the ceiling seem to be of different
shades
well in reality they're not what makes
them look different is the contrast
on the left the green parts replace the
black ones
while on the right they're placed
between the black parts
same with the blocks on the walls
obviously
and here we go the mesmerizing trip
around the mind-blowing illusions is
over
and we're going up hope you had a good
time everyone
i think i'm gonna barf